S3 scan doc update (#4848)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/sources/s3.md

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`start_time` | No  | String | The time from which to start scanning the objects, all the objects modified after `start_time` will be scanned. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`. If `end_time` is configured along with `start_time`, all objects after `start_time` and before `end_time` will be processed. `start_time` and `range` cannot be used together. This is used for all buckets unless it's configured at [bucket](#bucket) level.

> `end_time` | No | String  | The time after which no objects will be scanned, all the objects modified before `end_time` will be scanned.. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`. If `start_time` is configured along with `end_time`, all objects after `start_time` and before `end_time` will be processed. `end_time` and `range` cannot be used together. This is used for all buckets unless it's configured at [bucket](#bucket) level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`end_time` | No | String  | The time after which no objects will be scanned after the given `end_time`. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`. If `start_time` is configured along with `end_time`, all objects after `start_time` and before `end_time` will be processed. `end_time` and `range` cannot be used together. 
```

> `range` | No  | String  | The time range from which objects are scanned from all buckets. Range `P12H` scans all the objects modified in last 12 hours from thr time pipeline started. Supports ISO_8601 notation strings, such as `PT20.345S` or `PT15M`, and notation strings for seconds (`60s`) and milliseconds (`1600ms`). `start_time` and `end_time` cannot be used with `range`. This is used for all buckets unless it's configured at [bucket](#bucket) level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`range` | No  | String | The time range from which objects are scanned from all buckets. Supports ISO_8601 notation strings, such as `PT20.345S` or `PT15M`, and notation strings for seconds (`60s`) and milliseconds (`1600ms`). `start_time` and `end_time` cannot be used with `range`.  Range `P12H` scans all the objects modified in the last 12 hours from the time pipeline started. 
```

`buckets` | Yes  | List | A list of [bucket](#bucket) to scan.
`scheduling` | No  | List | The configuration for scheduling periodic scans on all buckets. `start_time`, `end_time` and `range` can not be used if scheduling is configured. 

### bucket<a name="bucket"></a>

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- |:-----| :---
`bucket` | Yes | Map  | Provides options for each bucket.

You can configure the following options inside the [bucket](#bucket) setting.

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`name` | Yes | String   | The string representing the S3 bucket name to scan.
`filter` | No | [Filter](#filter) | Provides the filter configuration.

> `start_time` | No  | String | The time from which to start scanning the objects, all the objects modified after `start_time` will be scanned. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`. If `end_time` is configured along with `start_time`, all objects after `start_time` and before `end_time` will be processed. `start_time` and `range` cannot be used together. This will overwrite the `start_time` at [scan](#scan) level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`start_time` | No  | String | The time from which to start scanning objects modified after the given `start_time`. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`. If `end_time` is configured along with `start_time`, all objects after `start_time` and before `end_time` will be processed. `start_time` and `range` cannot be used together. This will overwrites the `start_time` at the [scan](#scan) level.
```

> `end_time` | No | String  | The time after which no objects will be scanned, all the objects modified before `end_time` will be scanned.. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`. If `start_time` is configured along with `end_time`, all objects after `start_time` and before `end_time` will be processed. `end_time` and `range` cannot be used together. This will overwrite the `end_time` at [scan](#scan) level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`end_time` | No | String  | The time after which no objects will be scanned after the given `end_time`. This should follow [ISO LocalDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.html#ISO_LOCAL_DATE_TIME) format, for example, `023-01-23T10:00:00`. If `start_time` is configured along with `end_time`, all objects after `start_time` and before `end_time` will be processed. This overwrites the `end_time` at the [scan](#scan) level.
```

> `range` | No  | String  | The time range from which objects are scanned from all buckets. Range `P12H` scans all the objects modified in last 12 hours from thr time pipeline started. Supports ISO_8601 notation strings, such as `PT20.345S` or `PT15M`, and notation strings for seconds (`60s`) and milliseconds (`1600ms`). `start_time` and `end_time` cannot be used with `range`. This will overwrite the `range` at [scan](#scan) level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`range` | No  | String  | The time range from which objects are scanned from all buckets. Supports ISO_8601 notation strings, such as `PT20.345S` or `PT15M`, and notation strings for seconds (`60s`) and milliseconds (`1600ms`). `start_time` and `end_time` cannot be used with `range`.  Range `P12H` scans all the objects modified in the last 12 hours from the time pipeline started. This overwrites the `range` at the [scan](#scan) level.
```
